Update readme to include EKS cleanup commands (#102)
gruntwork-io/kubergrunt: README.md

kubergrunt eks sync-core-components --eks-cluster-arn EKS_CLUSTER_ARN
```

#### cleanup-security-group
This subcommand cleans up the leftover AWS-managed security groups that are associated with an EKS cluster you intend
to destroy. It accepts
- `--eks-cluster-arn`: the ARN of the EKS cluster
- `--security-group-id`: the AWS-managed security group ID
- `--vpc-id`: the VPC ID where the cluster is located

> It also looks for other security groups associated with the EKS cluster, such as the AWS-managed security group that

Author: > AWS-managed security group

I think this might be incorrect. We currently pass in the sg-id generated after creating the `vpc_config`, which might be the one that we manage.

Reviewer: Yea the one the LB controller creates isn't really managed by AWS, but rather it is managed by Kubernetes Services. I might phrase this as:

```
... such as the security group created by the AWS Load Balancer Controller.
```

is created for a load balancer controller. To safely delete these resources, it detaches and deletes any associated
elastic network interfaces.

Example:

```bash
kubergrunt eks cleanup-security-group --eks-cluster-arn EKS_CLUSTER_ARN --security-group-id SECURITY_GROUP_ID \
--vpc-id VPC_ID
```

#### schedule-coredns

> This subcommand allows for Fargate and EC2 changes when you create or destroy an EKS cluster. During the creation of

Reviewer: NIT: It might be better to word this as:

```suggestion
This subcommand can be used to toggle the CoreDNS service between scheduling on Fargate and EC2 worker types. During the creation of
```

an EKS cluster that uses Fargate, `schedule-coredns fargate` will annotate the deployment so that CoreDNS can find

> and allow EKS to use Fargate nodes. When destroying a Fargate-enabled EKS cluster, `schedule-coredns ec2` can be run
> to reset the annotations such that EC2 nodes can be found by CoreDNS. Currently `fargate` and `ec2` are the only sub-
> commands that `schedule-coredns` accepts.

Reviewer: NIT: I would suggest decoupling the use case for the command, from what the command does. E.g., 

```suggestion
and allow EKS to use Fargate nodes. To switch back to EC2, you can run `schedule-coredns ec2` to reset the annotations such that EC2 nodes can be found by CoreDNS.

This command is useful when creating Fargate only EKS clusters. By default, EKS will schedule the `coredns` service assuming EC2 workers. This command can be used to force the service to run on Fargate.

Currently `fargate` and `ec2` are the only sub-commands that `schedule-coredns` accepts.

This command is also designed to be used as `local-exec` provisioners on an `aws_eks_fargate_profile` resource so you can schedule the CoreDNS service after creating the profile, and revert back when destroying the profile.
```

Examples:

```bash
kubergrunt eks schedule-coredns fargate --eks-cluster-name EKS_CLUSTER_NAME --fargate-profile-arn FARGATE_PROFILE_ARN

> # ...

Author: Maybe these should be two separate code blocks, rather than two examples in a single code block, with this `# ... `

Reviewer: ➕ to separating out the two calls.
